[declare] Allow custom typing flags when declaring constants. (#12586)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proof-engine/vernacular-commands.rst

   anymore but it still affects the reduction of the term. Unchecked fixpoints are
   printed by :cmd:`Print Assumptions`.

> .. attr:: typing(guarded)
> 
>    Similar to :flag:`Guard Checking`, but on a per-declaration
>    basis. Takes ``yes/no`` as parameters, i.e. ``typing(guarded=no)``.

Reviewer: Let's be consistent in the way we present attribute syntax:

```suggestion
.. attr:: typing(guarded{? = {| yes | no } })

   Similar to :flag:`Guard Checking`, but on a per-declaration
   basis. Disable guard checking locally with ``typing(guarded=no)``.
```

.. flag:: Positivity Checking

   This flag can be used to enable/disable the positivity checking of inductive
   types and the productivity checking of coinductive types. Warning: this can
   break the consistency of the system, use at your own risk. Unchecked
   (co)inductive types are printed by :cmd:`Print Assumptions`.

> .. attr:: typing(positive)

Reviewer: If it's also supported by the `CoInductive` command, then it should be referenced in the list of attributes that this command supports.

Author: Actually we don't support cofixpoints but we do support coinductives, well spotted.

> .. attr:: typing(positive)
> 
>    Similar to :flag:`Positivity Checking`, but on a per-declaration basis.
>    Takes ``yes/no`` as parameters, i.e. ``typing(positive=no)``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. attr:: typing(positive{? = {| yes | no } })

   Similar to :flag:`Positivity Checking`, but on a per-declaration basis.
   Disable positivity checking locally with ``typing(positive=no)``.
```

   anymore but it still affects the reduction of the term. Unchecked fixpoints are
   printed by :cmd:`Print Assumptions`.

.. attr:: typing(guarded)

>    Similar to :flag:`Guard Checking`, but in a per-declaration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Similar to :flag:`Guard Checking`, but on a per-declaration
```

Author: done thanks!

   basis. Takes ``on/off`` as parameters, i.e. ``typing(guarded=off)``.

.. flag:: Positivity Checking

   This flag can be used to enable/disable the positivity checking of inductive
   types and the productivity checking of coinductive types. Warning: this can
   break the consistency of the system, use at your own risk. Unchecked
   (co)inductive types are printed by :cmd:`Print Assumptions`.

.. attr:: typing(positive)

>    Similar to :flag:`Positivity Checking`, but in a per-declaration basis.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Similar to :flag:`Positivity Checking`, but on a per-declaration basis.
```

   :cmd:`Print Assumptions`. It has the same effect as `-type-in-type` command line
   argument (see :ref:`command-line-options`).

> .. attr:: typing(universes)

Reviewer: It should be referenced in the list of attributes supported by the relevant commands.

> .. attr:: typing(universes)
> 
>    Similar to :flag:`Universe Checking`, but on a per-declaration basis.
>    Takes ``yes/no`` as parameters, i.e. ``typing(universes=no)``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. attr:: typing(universes{? = {| yes | no } })

   Similar to :flag:`Universe Checking`, but on a per-declaration basis.
   Disable positivity checking locally with ``typing(universes=no)``.
```

   :cmd:`Print Assumptions`. It has the same effect as `-type-in-type` command line
   argument (see :ref:`command-line-options`).

.. attr:: typing(universes)

>    Similar to :flag:`Universe Checking`, but in a per-declaration basis.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Similar to :flag:`Universe Checking`, but on a per-declaration basis.
```
